Update documentation for redis.io (#967)
RedisGears/RedisGears: docs/docs/concepts/Function_Flags.md

---
title: "Function flags"
linkTitle: "Function flags"
weight: 5
description: >
    Function flags for JavaScript functions
---

> It is possible to provide some information about the function behaviour on registration time. Such information is called function flags. The function flags is a optional argument that can be given after the function implementation. The supported flags are:
> 1. `redis.functionFlags.NO_WRITES` - indicating that the function performs not write commands. If this flag is on, it will be possible to run the function on read only replicas or on OOM. RedisGears force this flag behaviour, this means that any attempt to call a write command from within a function that has this flag will result in an exception.
> 2. `redis.functionFlags.ALLOW_OOM` - by default, RedisGears will not allow running any function on OOM. This flag allows overide this behaviour and running the function even on OOM. Enable this flag is considered unsafe and could cause Redis to bypass the maxmemory value. **User should only enable this flag if he knows for sure that his function do not consume memory** (for example, on OOM, it is safe to run a function that only deletes data).
> 3. `redis.functionFlags.RAW_ARGUMENTS` - by default, RedisGears will try to decode all function arguments as `JS` `String` and if it failed an error will be return to the client. When this flag is set, RedisGears will avoid String decoding and will pass the argument as `JS` `ArrayBuffer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When registering a function, it is possible to include additional information about its behavior. This information is known as function flags. Function flags are an optional argument that can be specified after the function implementation. The following flags are supported:
1. `redis.functionFlags.NO_WRITES`: This flag indicates that the function does not perform any write commands. Enabling this flag allows a function to be executed on read-only replicas or in out-of-memory (OOM) situations. Redis enforces this flag's behavior, meaning that any attempt to call a write command within a function that has this flag set will result in an exception.
2. `redis.functionFlags.ALLOW_OOM`: By default, Redis prevents any function from running in an OOM scenario. However, this flag allows overriding this behavior and running a function even when there is a memory shortage. Enabling this flag is considered unsafe and may cause Redis to exceed the `maxmemory` limit. **Users should only enable this flag if they are certain that their function does not consume additional memory.** For example, it is safe to run a function that only deletes data during an OOM situation.
3. `redis.functionFlags.RAW_ARGUMENTS`: By default, Redis attempts to decode all function arguments as `JS` `String`s. If the decoding fails, an error is returned to the client. However, when this flag is set, Redis avoids string decoding and passes the argument as a `JS` `ArrayBuffer` instead.
```
